REFLECION

1. On my teaching style.
I want to make sure these sessions are as helpful as possible for you.
a. What are some things I'm doing that are working well for you?

b. Are there any changes I could make to my teaching style that would help you understand the concepts better? 


2. On our meeting schedules.
 a. Do you feel like the current pace is working for you?
 b. Would you prefer if we meet more often, or maybe less?
 c. When do you feel most focused and ready to learn, and how can we schedule our sessions to fit that?


3. On the quizzes. 
 a. About the quizzes, I was thinking we could either have a short quiz after every chapter, or we could wait until you've completed a few chapters and do a bigger quiz to review everything. 
 b. What do you think would be a better way for you to learn and remember the material?

4. On infusing projects.
I want to make sure you can see how all this stuff applies in the real world. 
 a. Would you be interested in working on some mini-projects together as we go through the book? 
 b. What kind of projects sound interesting to you? We could build something small, like a simple calculator, or maybe something related to a hobby you have, to make learning feel more practical and fun.



Answers
1. a.The practicals and the explanation aspect to their theory.
   b. I would not want you to change, though, but maybe more of the practicals during. 

2. a. Our pace is fine, actually.
   b. About the times we meet, I think it really depends on what we cover, not on the number of times we meet. For now, Monday to Friday is fine, but maybe the last week when I'm preparing for school, maybe we'd edit the time a little, or I'd let you know
   c. Because im on vacation sometimes impromptu things happen or other activities happen during the day that somtimes makes me tired at night so it varies...dont really have a particular time.


3. a. After every chapter is fine.
   b. the videos, textbooks and practicals

4. a. yeah mini projects are fine but like for our practice.
   b. I think anything 
    

